The Unstoppable Legion:

Yet another campaign that involves saving the world, with every chiche I can lay my hands on for the storyline, as these are the best.

Many thanks to contributors for Extended Era and Imperial Era, whose images I've nicked and whose units I've derived from.

v 0.1.0: First three scenarios, introducing a bowrider line up to level 2, and dark fighters, dark cultists and dark riders, mounted noble line (Viktor) and Great Druid (Deuterus).

v 0.2.0: Fourth and fifth scenario added.
	Numerous AI, balancing and gameplay adjustments to "A Test of Valour" and "The Front Line".
	New units: Mounted Lord (level 3 Viktor), Dwarf Prince (for Prince Sven), Dark Warrior.
	Deuterus switches between mounted and on foot on certain scenarios.
	And numerous little bugfixes and balancing changes.

v 0.3.0: Two alternative fourth scenarios and sixth scenario added.
	Fifth scenrio different depending on which scenario you come from.
	New units: Dark Marauder, Dark Soulhunter (Dark Cultist line), Dark Champion (level 3 Dark Fighter line), Dismounted Noble/Commander/Lord (Viktor on foot in caves/mountains).
	Hero and character markers introduced.
	Now command some outlaws in first scenario who stay with you for next two if they survive.
	Death meesages moved into deaths.cfg file.
	Introduced wesnoth-3, wesnoth-4, victory and defeat music into game.
	Strength potion added to original fourth scenario.
	Dark riders now have dark rider images and no longer borrow dragoons' images.
	Starting time of day now not always dawn.
	And the usual bug-fixing and balancing.

v 0.4.0: Seventh, eight and ninth scenario added.
	Portraits added for major characters.
	Images for bowrider line updated.
	Help boxes added on early scenarios on EASY.
	New units: Holibar & Gendarme (alternate advancement from cavalryman), Cataphract (another alternate advancement from Cavalryman), Mounted Marksman (alternate advancement from Bowknight), Dwarvish Battle Prince (level 3 advancement from Dwarvish Prince), Daemon, Winged Daemon, Daemonoligist, Dark Slayer (level 3 dark rider).
	Use gameplay-06 music and drums.ogg as drum beat.
	Started adding pictures to story.
	And a long list of bug-fixing and balancing changes.

v. 0.4.1: New scenario "A Painful Betrayal"
	Rebalanced Holibars and Gendarmes (renamed Coutilliers) to give them some niche uses.
	Reduced damage of Cataphracts to something sane.
	Reduced XP requirement of Dwarvish Alchemist to something achievable.
	New images for Dwarvish Alchemist, Dwarvish Prince and Dwarvish Battle Prince.
	Dwarvish Alchemist can advance to Dwarvish Master Alchemist.

v. 0.4.2: New scenario "The Last Stand"
	Dark cultists updated to be more like their counterparts in the Extended Era.
	Changed the AI in "An Unlikely Hero" and "The Dwarf and the Lich" so that allies remain in the area they are defending.
	Goblins now recruitable on Medium and Hard in "More than a Match".
	Several alterations to "Race Against Time" to reduce influence of luck.
	After finding Golran, Dwarvish Fighters can advance to Dwarvish Runesmiths, and Dwarvish Thunderers can advance to Dwarvish Flamethrowers (both new units from XE).
	Some rebalancing of "The Mines of Alsok", particularly limiting the number of ghosts.
	Can now make Prince Sven leader in "Prejudice and Pride"

v. 0.5.0: Bug-fixing and balancing
	Added map of Severan and story between most scenarios.
	Replaced story picture for "The King's Council", and story picture in "The Forgotten Front" added.
	AI tweaks to most scenarios.
	Limited number of dwarves joining Viktor in "The Dwarf and the Lich".
	Dwarves now targetted far more heavily in "The Mines of Alsok". Other two sides will now join Zharagorn if they start to lose (but doesn't seem to happen).
	Ghosts replaced by vampire bats in "The Mines of Alsok" as they are just too powerful underground.
	Bhargeest's forces now arrive in turn 3 in "Prejudice and Pride".
	Made "A Painful Betrayal" easier, and fixes bug that allowed Woses to be recalled later.
	Deuterus can now attack on turn he is unstoned like he was supposed to.
	Swapped enemies guarding passes in "The Last Stand" so that they reach Thorben at roughly the same time.
	Closing story added to end of chapter two.

v. 0.5.2: (v. 0.5.1 skipped owing to numbering issues with Wesnoth 1.3.x version)
	New scenario "A Strange Alliance" (Temporarily the next campaign for both forks from "The Last Stand" until other branch is done.)
	Workaround implemented for "Race Against Time" which deletes units on recall list at end of scenario.
	AMLAs given to Mounted Lord.

v. 0.5.3: New scenario "The Silent Siege"
	AMLAs given to Dwarvish Prince.
	Number of attacks of Dwarvish Flamethrower reduced, replaced with marksman ability.
	Further rebalancing to "The Mines of Alsok" means that bandits and undead now actually do side with Zharagorn.
	Units on recall list now lost in "The Mines of Alsok" (same workaround)
	Fixed bug that sometimes allowed dwarves to be recruited in "A Painful Betrayal" and "A Strange Alliance"

v. 0.5.4: New scenario "Saurian Swamp", now fork from "The Last Stand".
	Difficulty increased in "The Last Stand".
	Some typos in dialogue corrected.

v. 0.6.0: Bug-fixing and balancing
	Added travel dots to map between scenarios.
	Given AMLAs to Great Druid.
	Changed Great Druid entangle attack from four weak attacks to two strong attacks.
	Rune Sword in "The Forgotten Front" is now magical.
	Pre-scenario story added to "The Dwarf and the Lich", now that I know how to do it.
	Winged Deamon's alignment changed from chaotic to neutral, like what I originally planned.
	Increase the Dwarvish Runesmith's XP requirement, as the (for some reason, mainline) Dwarvish Runemaster is far too powerful.
	Adapted The Silent Siege so that starting position depends on which scenario you did last.
	Added interlogue after final scenario.

v. 0.7.0-alpha: Ported to Wesnoth 1.4
	Broken map links resolved.
	Names restored in first scenario.
	Hubert's traits changed to loyal and fearless.

v. 0.7.0-alpha2: Changed recruitment parameters so the Sir Denevan recruits properly in second scenario.
	Restored names in second and third scenarios.
	Corrected broken map link in The King's Council.

v. 0.7.0-alpha3: Fixed bug that prevented finishing The Dwarf and the Lich
	Fixed bug that stopped some dwarves being recalled in this scenario. (Did you know there was a bug there? Me neither.)

v. 0.7.0-alpha4: Fixed bug where a unit falling into lava in Race Against Time causes damage to everyone.
	Corrected terrain conversion so that Bhargeest gets a keep in Race Against Time.
	Corrected terrain reference in The Mines of Alsok so that bridges appear.

v. 0.7.0-alpha5: Corrected all remaining keep conversions (hopefully)
	Reduced drake aggression and dark forces in Prejudice and Pride, as revised AI now made this level insanely hard.

v. 0.7.0-beta: Final user_description fields fixed.
	Changed drums.ogg to take advantage of Wesnoth 1.4's proper music looping.

v. 0.7.1-beta2: New scenario: "The Phantom Guard"
	Hubert's traits changed to loyal,fearless
	Player now starts with extra footpad in "An Unlikely Hero"
	Beefed up Sir Denevan's in "More Than a Match" (so that he can say he's getting the upper hand with some credibility), and the orcs (to be a tougher obstacle now that there is more time)
	Increased number of units to defeat to 20 in "A Test of Valour"
	Generally increased the amount of gold available in most scenarios through higher turn limits.
	Better character icon, at last.
	Changed Deuterus's Faerie Fair to arcane.
	Increased Deuterus's XP requirement for AMLAs, now that he ubernerfs undead.
	Start making use of new music tracks.

v. 0.7.1-beta3: Major changes to objectives and gameplay in "Beneath Enemy Lines", mainly aimed at bringing the level-ups in line with other scenarios.
	Unit that picks up holy amulet now recalled in all future scenarios and gets a character marker.
	Tweaks to The Front Line to ensure that AI v AI battles will probably go they way they are intended to.
	Fix some broken image links.
	Mal-Margheera now gets to recruit undead in "The Dwarf and the Lich". However, after 4-8 turns, charges recklessly forward to be easy target for Deuterus.
	Now reusing gameplay06 and nr-sad, accessed in Unstoppable Legion Extras pack.

v. 0.7.1-beta4: Restored animations to Prince Sven's ranged atack.
	Fixed bug that causes crash in "The Phantom Guard" (I hope)
	Made daemons more powerful and reduced number (to avoid excessive XP milking in Race Against Time)
	Altered map in "The Mines of Alsok" so that both bandits and undead are a threat.

v. 0.7.1-beta5: Restored animations to Prince Sven's ranged atack.
	More balancing to "The Mines of Alsok".
	Changed the rules of "Prejudice and Pride" to hopefully something more tactical.
	Music playlists now overhauled up to and including "The Last Stand".

Known issues:

Elder Woses don't seem to start invisible like they should.
Need image for Dwarvish Master Alchemist.
Need to deal with possibility of baddies being killed prematurely.
Bhargeest sometimes doesn't recruit in Prejudice and Pride.
Saurian Swamp branch seems to be harder than the Strange Alliance branch.
More elegant solution needed to current workaround in The Dwarf and the Lich.
Need to find way way of displaying keeps at right time in The Last Stand without crashing the game.
AI now makes first stage of Prejudice and Pride hard.
A Strange Alliance and Saurian Swamp need to be more like recovery scenarios to make up for earlier killer scenarios.
Too easy for sentries to escape in the Silent Siege.
Could make more use of level 0 units.

Playtested in Wesnoth 1.2.8
Testing for 1.4 in progress.
